== README

This README would normally document whatever steps are necessary to get the
application up and running.

Things you may want to cover:

* Ruby version

* System dependencies

* Configuration

* Database creation

* Database initialization

* How to run the test suite

* Services (job queues, cache servers, search engines, etc.)

* Deployment instructions

* ...


Please feel free to use a different markup language if you do not plan to run
<tt>rake doc:app</tt>.
********************************************************************************
**PROJECT DESCRIPTION 
********************************************************************************

>OVERVIEW
 --------
In the modern world Social networks and micro blogging have been the medium of expressing love and hate towards things
in the world. Most of the messages found on the social network give us a platform to extract knowledge.
Many companies use surveys and feedbacks as inputs in designing and producing their products. 
There are not many systems that could understand these social big data which are the vital source of user’s 
view of a product. This project introduces a system which could understand and summarize an overall sentiment of a 
product and its features using a new approach invoking natural language processing and Hadoop. 
This project introduces an algorithm to derive sentiment of given Twitter tweets using directed weighted 
graph data-structure. Each vertex in the graph is generated using the proposed algorithm and the relation 
between each vertex is marked using parts of speech with weights generated by the algorithm. 
Graphs are then marked with positive and negative score depending upon positive or negative sentiment 
it carries towards the term on which the analysis is performed. Total sentiment is calculated by 
summing all individual scores of each graph that is further processed by Hadoop machine running a specific program 
to derive more information. Experiments were conducted using different product names and test results demonstrate 
60-70 percent accuracy in finding a total sentiment of a product and its features.



